some guys I'm gonna be redoing a couple
review videos just because of the
quality I did I wasn't so happy with
them when I was looking through I did
them off my laptop and just figured I
might as well dealing with my camera so
the first one I'm gonna be redoing he's
gonna be one of my rails the city in
white Nikes it was fun Janowski SP just
really saw this one and I wanted to redo
it because these undo that review
doesn't do this justice get into it once
I come for a hundred bucks which is a
pretty good deal homies here's an extra
CD and wax cotton obsidian leathers so
let's start off with this shoe it's
gonna have little perforations
throughout the whole thing nothing like
the perforated black and white these are
just like small little perforations yeah
it's gonna have the brown leather laces
on these really really work well with it
also has the brown writing on the tag
the brim is what you cut also has a
brown penny on it and then the outsole
is gonna be a navy blue and I wasn't
expecting again for that price like all
the other G's isn't many Falls on this
one there's a few scuffs hearing there
nothing noticeable I think there's the
one scuff that was
nothing major when you pull out can't
really even tell but these go for crazy
prices on eBay they go for around 250
something like the white stitching
swoosh not much yield
although I do keep these up very well
after every use a clean these well the
other ones I'm gonna be redoing is the
white purse and Reed stones as well yeah
because those the quality on the video
of those isn't good because it's from my
laptop and I apologize for that guys I'm
sorry really really dope sneaker really
I just get you 360 at most
it's almost four far away kind of looks
black actually though that there it's
such a dark blue and the quality I mean
you only have newer releases you don't
have any older ones the quality on the
older ones is a lot better so it's a
little FYI yeah yeah like comment
subscribe follow me on instagram hit
lord underscore Ryan and I'll catch
y'all next time